chore!: remove deprecated rules: path-excludes-patterns and info-license-url (#2179)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/@v2/guides/migrate-to-v2.md

  - spec
```

Removed rule `path-excludes-patterns`.

> Please use a configurable rule instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a configurable rule instead.
```

You may refer to [this Cookbook recipe](https://github.com/Redocly/redocly-cli-cookbook/tree/main/configurable-rules/path-excludes-pattern).

Removed rule `info-license-url`.

> Use `info-license-strict` which better comply to the new [OpenAPI 3.1 specification](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.1.0.md#license-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `info-license-strict` which better complies with the new [OpenAPI 3.1 specification](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.1.0.md#license-object).
```
